Update minimal RKE2 user permissions for server and proxy (#4876)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/mlm/proxy-k3s-deployment-mlm.adoc

The cluster is assumed to be ready to be used with a user having rights on a namespace dedicated to {productname}.

> If there isn't one defined yet, a [literal]``Role`` and [literal]``RoleBinding`` with minimum rights required to deploy [literal]``proxy-helm`` would look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create [literal]``Role`` and [literal]``RoleBinding`` if they do not exist already. 
The minimum rights required to deploy [literal]``proxy-helm`` are defined as:
```

        containerPort: 4506
----

> If Traefik is used as the ingress controller, the user needs access to additional resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Traefik is used as the Ingress controller, the user needs access to additional resources.
```

Add the following to the rules of the previously defined role:

[source,yaml]
----
- apiGroups: ["traefik.io", "traefik.containo.us"]
  resources: ["ingressroutetcps"]
  verbs: ["*"]
----

> If instead the Gateway API is used, add the following to the rules of the previously defined role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Gateway API is used instead, add the following to the rules of the previously defined role:
```
